Portfolio Adrien Dubois
25.05.2016
─
Adrien Dubois
Rue de Hennin 93
1050 Ixelles
Brussels - Belgium


What am I building?

I am building a blog/portfolio, a personal site where I can show my works and have people contact me.


Who am I building it for?

I am doing it for myself and for potentials employers/clients.


What features will it have?

  Posts
    Create / Edit / Destroy.
    Markdown.
    Syntax highlighting.
    Comments (Disqus).


  Projects
    Create / Edit / Destroy.
    Comments (Disqus).


  Contact
    Contact form.
    Links to professional social networks (GitHub, LinkedIn, ¿Flickr?).
    Sendgrid.


  User
    Admin user (Devise).


User Stories:

  As a user, I want to be able to create posts so that I can share what I am learning on my blog.

  As a user, I want to be able to add, edit and destroy my posts so that I can manage my blog.

  As a user, I want to be able to write post in markdown format so that it’s easy for me to write posts.

  As a user, I want to be able to highlight the code so that it is easily readable.
  As a user, I want to show my visitors and employers/clients several examples of the works I have done.

  As a user, I want to have the visitors to be able to contact me via email or via the website.


Modeling the data

  Post
    Title:string
    Content:string

  Project
    Title:string
    Description:text
    link:string

  User

Pages we need in the website

  Home
  Posts#index
  Posts#show
  Projects#index
  Project#show
  Contact
